All right, so in this video I want to revisit represent generics are reviewed in the generics out of
ordinary video that a generic class type to Long does not participate in is a relationship with a generic
class type to.
No.
Let's see how this simple statement could trip you up in code.
That looks like it's testing your knowledge of other things.
So we need a new class for this, we're going to call this one Rappa Limits.
OK, there's a code that this class doesn't do much at this point, I'm using it as a jumping off point
for additional code.
You can see what I'm starting up during.
There is a signing, a literal float to a primitive double variable, also creating a double array and
initializing it to a list of literal floats.
In this case, just one value running this code.
Gives us the relevant output.
So what I want to do next is add some rapper code or rappers.
So Pisolite in.
You could see there that both of these statements give you a compiler error, a primitive, the flight
will get Orobets box to a repr and it cannot be assigned to a double repr, either as a single local
variable or as part of an array.
We replace it with float.
All is well.
Now, this is also true for collections.
Let's have a look at that.
It's more code in.
Just import those lists.
So here you say that you can't pass a list with literal floats to a list typed as double, nor can you
use the ADD method with a literal float.
If he changes to a double literal, they're down here.
Right next, let's consider topping the generic class list, the prices of Moco.
So here, one of them is of a sign to type trialist to a raw variable list that this type of assignment
for you, because a compiler won't give you an error when you add elements to the raw number list.
Let's try that out.
So we're getting lots of compiler warnings.
And check calls, or we can still run this code without any exceptions.
To works, as you can see there.
So next, let's spend another line of code here.
They've talked about this in a previous video in this section, this is a compiler error.
We look at the error, looking for a list of top number, but found an array list of type integer.
An array list is a list, but an array list of top integer is not a list of top number.
So let's now consider how you change the variable declarations to support this assignment or concurrently
line out or replace it.
With his.
Now, that works, assigning the Israelis to a realist, but I've just shown you that this gives you
none of the benefits of the compiler enforcing type checking of elements in the list.
Instead of that, let's replace both those lines.
But this.
You can see here that the declaration and Azamat are fine, but you don't get to Kampala around trying
to add anything to the list, and this is because integer lists.
Can be side any array list of any type, including, for example, an exception that adding an end to
an array of exception would cause a compiler error.
That's what we're getting here now.
We could try to limit the wild card declaration with an upper bound to pick up here and do that well
at an upper bound or put extends.
No.
But this doesn't fix the compiler error by trying to add data to the integer list again, integer list
could actually refer to the list of short, for example, and adding five to an array list of Top Short
would produce a compiler error.
Let's try something else instead of extends number here, but try a lower bound of integer.
I'm going to put super then integer.
So that works, as you can see there, no compiler errors, but can I add other types to the list?
Let's try that.
This is a pilot error we're trying to add along the.
And the air is probably good, you're limited to lists that are of type integer or the subclass of integer,
so we could do is replace that statement with a cast int.
This compiles so I can cast along to it, you know, then good or I boxed, but if I try something like
this on the next line.
This is not a pilot error.
That's because we're trying to cast a little long term into Tarapur.
We're just going to do that last line, so I hope this little exercise has helped you say that in small
segments, a compiler error might occur or not occur when you expect it to.
You can expect some variation of the above in at least one exam question or less in the video here.
Do one more exercise in the next one, but generics and wild cards.
See you in the next video.